README.md, before:

# Big Dipper 2.0 ✨ (Cosmos Based Chains)

Big Dipper is an open-source block explorer and token management tool serving over 10 proof-of-stake blockchains. It has been forked more than 100 times on GitHub and has served audiences from 140 countries and regions.

**This repo contains the UI of big dipper 2.0 only**

## Getting started

```sh
corepack enable && yarn
```

## Documentation

Read our official documentation at [http://docs.bigdipper.live/](http://docs.bigdipper.live/)

## Issue Reporting

For UI related issues please report it here [https://github.com/forbole/big-dipper-2.0-cosmos/issues](https://github.com/forbole/big-dipper-2.0-cosmos/issues).

For Hasura and BdJuno issues please report it here [https://github.com/forbole/bdjuno/issues](https://github.com/forbole/bdjuno/issues)

## License

Read our license at [https://raw.githubusercontent.com/forbole/big-dipper-2.0-cosmos/master/LICENSE](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/forbole/big-dipper-2.0-cosmos/master/LICENSE)

## Ledger and Transaction Support

While Big Dipper 2.0 no longer supports ledger or any kind of transactions in favor of [Forbole X](https://github.com/forbole/forbole-x), the original [Big Dipper](https://github.com/forbole/big-dipper) will continue have this feature.

Commit message:

feat: Add PR preview/publish features and sentry.io integration (#1058)
## Description

Closes: [Add Sentry.io issue tracking](https://forbole.atlassian.net/browse/BDU-549)

<!-- Add a description of the changes that this PR introduces and the
files that
are the most critical to review. -->

---

### Author Checklist

_All items are required. Please add a note to the item if the item is
not applicable and
please add links to any relevant follow up issues._

I have...

- [X] ran linting
- [X] wrote tests where necessary
- [X] included the correct [type
prefix](https://github.com/commitizen/conventional-commit-types/blob/v3.0.0/index.json)
in the PR title
- [X] targeted the correct branch
- [X] provided a link to the relevant issue or specification
- [X] reviewed "Files changed" and left comments if necessary
- [X] confirmed all CI checks have passed
- [X] added an entry to the `CHANGELOG.md` file

Co-authored-by: Aaron <76254323+huichiaotsou@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Riccardo Montagnin <riccardo.montagnin@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Magic Cat <pusz.monika@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Magic Cat <37407870+MonikaCat@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Ellie <32444273+yayay927@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Big Dipper 2.0 ✨ (Cosmos Based Chains)

Big Dipper is an open-source block explorer and token management tool serving over 10 proof-of-stake blockchains. It has been forked more than 100 times on GitHub and has served audiences from 140 countries and regions.

**This repo contains the UI of big dipper 2.0 only**

## Getting started

Please migrate from yarn 1 to [yarn berry](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install)

```
yarn install
```

## Documentation

Read our official documentation at [http://docs.bigdipper.live/](http://docs.bigdipper.live/)

## Issue Reporting

For UI related issues please report it here [https://github.com/forbole/big-dipper-2.0-cosmos/issues](https://github.com/forbole/big-dipper-2.0-cosmos/issues).

For Hasura and BdJuno issues please report it here [https://github.com/forbole/bdjuno/issues](https://github.com/forbole/bdjuno/issues)

## License

Read our license at [https://raw.githubusercontent.com/forbole/big-dipper-2.0-cosmos/master/LICENSE](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/forbole/big-dipper-2.0-cosmos/master/LICENSE)

## Ledger and Transaction Support

While Big Dipper 2.0 no longer supports ledger or any kind of transactions in favor of [Forbole X](https://github.com/forbole/forbole-x), the original [Big Dipper](https://github.com/forbole/big-dipper) will continue have this feature.
